Title: My Commision Services
Question:
1. What is Commission Services?
2. What is My Commission Services?
3. Why Open a Commission Services?
4. What commissions i provide?
5. What i need to start over?
6. What is payment method in commission bussiness?
7. What payment method type i provide?
8. what payment media/platform i use?
9. How my commission services workflow?
10. How much My commission service?

Answer:
1.a. a paid services, the fee is used to facilitate the service
 .b. the act to hire someone to create a specific custom piece of work
2.a. i am the service provider, therefore my commission service is the act to create custom piece of work to help
     someone project with some payment requirement
 .b. my commission service is a will to do commission service with someone in need.
3. first, to help someone project that related to my skill. secondly to facilitate this act of help
4. Progamming Commission Include:
 . . Testing Service, a service finding bugs in a project
 . . Identify Bug Service, identify the bug behaviour and characteristic
 . . Debugging Service, fixing the bug in a project
 . . Development Service, develop a new feature and integrate it to the project
5. first programming devices and tools. and second it's Depending on the service type:
 . . Testing Service, access to the project product and product design(optional)
 . . Identify Bug Service, access to the source code (to determine code complexity and bug area).
 . . Debugging Service, access to the source code(the sc remains private).
 . . Development Service, access to the source code.
6. a procedure to deliver the payment from customer to commissioner
7.a. Milestone based payment, the client pay at the start of each task
 .b. hourly rate payment, the client hire the commissioner hourly rate 
8. paypal
9. design and planning with client -> client pay upfront task payment -> i deliver the product 
   -> client verify the product -> after all task and product delivered client pay closing payment
10. to determine the pricing, I need to know these factor:
  . . code complexity level(high/med/low)
  . . project or task scale, the more large will result in higher price
  . the price is based on: starter price + code complexity + project scale
  . Starter Price List:
  . . Testing Service, 10$
  . . Identify Bug Service, 15$
  . . Debugging Service, 20$
  . . Development Service, 20$
  . it is negotiable